so we're here with Tom today to talk
about talk about the vigil tonight for
run for your partner James just firstly
how is James James's a progression
really well at the moment I mean he's
home with myself he's doing really well
what his injuries East recoverin I mean
it obviously bruise quite a lot but it's
more like head injury is really than
anything else he soon really well and
how I was even himself I was a mentally
so obviously it was a quite vicious yeah
you say he's not really had much time to
think about what's gone on I think it's
just he's just overwhelmed at all
support what he's getting and it's just
a big yeah it wasn't is ganas just
overwhelmed by the support and you know
he's just just really surprised what
what it's come to you know how important
our events like the vigil tonight the
very important again we need to come
together all the communities as one come
together instead of being categorized as
different set of people and so again
it's more important to educate people
rather than and you know fight against
each other just for what you are what
you believe in no we've never fun fair
son we've never been a victim of
homophobic clown before and at every
occasion like here and what it on the
news on the radio but you know I think
it's gonna happen to yourself
stop a crime yes this is part of the
vigil on the March to show people that
when I would not prepare to stand for
homophobic crimes we are assured educate
other people i'm short become as one as
i say rather than being all different
separate communities Liverpool City
Council and have a pack of how to pack
made and called denial which they've
handed out schools and to try and combat
the combat hate crime in schools and to
really educate children and now I know
they they have had some issues with some
schools saying that they don't have they
don't have any homosexuals in this all
they don't have any gay students so it's
not problem in their schools and what
would you say to the schools that have
said they don't need the pack I would
say it's not to use it yeah because a
lot of people who do go to school I knew
who are in college and universities you
know some people are scared two
kilometers being gay or lesbian and you
know just because they think they
haven't got them there there's a
possible chance that they might have
them there and for when the people who
are there if they come out as a
homosexual then that might be an issue
for other people because they are not
educated in this in this matter and is
there anything that you would like to
say to the people that support from
obviously and i want to say a massive
thank you to everybody who supported us
and i'm a sad police for their inquiry
so far and i'm sure it's going to
progress and justice will be done